You humiliate me
I obviously pity you.
How did I humiliate you? Okay, Sister Shuang
Don't irritate him when he's like this
It's only 4 million autumn
Annual gift box
You're not getting another penny.
I have controlled the entire market
Who told you that you can only sell one box during the Chinese New Year?
Okay, one ball, stop talking nonsense with him, let's go
Don't go, don't go, go
Ah, should I bring it up?
i
It's a bunch of dogs.
Men make 4 million
See if I don't drive you to death
I still want to earn 100 million
Think beautifully
Shouldn't have given them that $1,000
It wasn't your idea
You have to burn them 1,000 dollars
If you don't give it, there won't be so much going on.
I didn't know that autumn could really control the stock price
$1,000 makes 4 million
Okay, stop talking
I have to figure out a way to explain the 10 million to my dad
You two
What happened at the food factory?
Why didn't you tell me?
Xiaoyan, we went to the stock market to make money
This money is all for you.
You little brat wants to cheat Xiaoyan of money again.